fix: #799 Expose raw input and validation error in tool parsing failures (#800)
openai/openai-agents-js: .changeset/dry-pets-hug.md

---
'@openai/agents-core': patch
---

> Expose raw input and validation error in tool parsing failures via new InvalidToolInputError class, enabling self-healing implementations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: #799 Expose raw input and validation error in tool parsing failures
```
